Going out and fill service after lunch. Yes, I'm gonna be there
But I've got one or two visits that got to make all right. He's needed my neighbor lost his job after 20 years
And as a result, he's got to move out of his house. Got to move into an apartment
Decided to go help him out a little bit to pack up
Make a little easier for him to make that move
You know want to be nice a time period where we don't have to worry about economic troubles like that
Yeah, it will you know, that's why I'm so happy that my grandchildren chose to go for higher education
They both landed good job on that bridge that you cross when you come here
You've noticed that they're starting to do some work on it and that's pretty extensive work
They're gonna replace that whole bridge so according to the newspaper article. It's gonna be like a six to eight month project
That is a long time
You know Chris the reason I came by is I wanted to show you this magazine. I love these. They're so well written
Isaiah 48-17 is a key scripture here. Notice what it says
I Jehovah and your God the one teaching you to benefit yourself
That's familiar. I think your dad read that to me once or twice
How's your dad doing anyway?
Doing good, you know, they said they've got more Bible says than they can even cover in one week
Well, well, you know, I can remember when you and your dad came here and you were a little kid about this high
And you just stayed right by his side and your dad was so proud
You know Chris I know my dad had offered to stay the Bible with you in the past
John be honest, uh
I'm too old to change
Said in my ways now
I think that God's just gonna have to take me the way I am
We're chocolate
Yeah